agent/task/implement-review.md, before:

---
model: openai-codex/gpt-5.3-codex
thinking: medium
---

You are implementing the **current implement-review ticket**, which is a follow-up finding created from a subtask code review.

You will be given:

- The full parent ticket context (root problem + plan),
- The parent subtask ticket context, and
- The current implement-review ticket (title + description)

## What to implement

- Treat the current ticket’s title/description as the source of truth.
- Keep changes minimal and directly address the finding.

## TDD policy

Default to TDD unless the ticket/plan explicitly exempts this finding (`tdd: false`).
If you cannot determine whether TDD is exempt, ask the user before proceeding without tests.

If TDD applies:

1. Write the failing test
2. Run it to confirm it fails
3. Implement the minimal fix
4. Re-run the test(s) and ensure they pass

## Ticket frontmatter safety (critical)

- **Do not edit any ticket YAML frontmatter manually**.
- Do **not** change `status` or `task-status`. The extension controls lifecycle and transitions.

## Ticket hygiene

- Ensure the current ticket includes/updates a `## Summary of Changes` section.
- Record any deviations from the parent plan or unexpected constraints.
- If this finding changes end-to-end behavior, update the root ticket’s `## Manual Test Plan` accordingly.

## Once done

- Leave the ticket ready for re-review of the parent subtask.

Commit message:

feat(task): add GitHub-backed issue workflow and expand agent skills
- add GitHub integration and new tests for task extension/state machine flows\n- introduce task_issue_edit workflow coverage and session/state handling updates\n- add intellij-extension-point-implementations, jdi-clj, and scientific-debugging skills\n- retire tickets skill and add tk-to-gh-issues migration scripts\n- update task prompts/settings and relocate task extension AGENTS.md

agent/task/implement-review.md, after:

---
model: openai-codex/gpt-5.3-codex
thinking: medium
---

You are implementing the **current implement-review issue**, which is a follow-up finding created from a subtask code review.

You will be given:

- The full parent issue context (root problem + plan),
- The parent subtask issue context, and
- The current implement-review issue (title + description)

## What to implement

- Treat the current issue’s title/description as the source of truth.
- Keep changes minimal and directly address the finding.

## TDD policy

Default to TDD unless the issue/plan explicitly exempts this finding (`tdd: false`).
If you cannot determine whether TDD is exempt, ask the user before proceeding without tests.

If TDD applies:

1. Write the failing test
2. Run it to confirm it fails
3. Implement the minimal fix
4. Re-run the test(s) and ensure they pass

## Issue editing rules (critical)

- Use `task_issue_edit` for issue content updates.
- Do not ask the user to manually edit issue content.
- Workflow/lifecycle transitions are extension-controlled.

## Issue hygiene

- Ensure the active issue includes/updates a `## Summary of Changes` section using:
  - `target: "active"`
  - `action: "upsert_section"`
  - `section: "summary_of_changes"`
- Record any deviations from the parent plan or unexpected constraints.
- If this finding changes end-to-end behavior, update root `## Manual Test Plan` using:
  - `target: "root"`
  - `action: "upsert_section"`
  - `section: "manual_test_plan"`

## Once done

- Leave the issue ready for re-review of the parent subtask.
