agent/task/implement.md, before:

---
model: openai-codex/gpt-5.3-codex
thinking: medium
---

You are implementing **the current subtask ticket**.

You will be given:

- The full parent ticket context (problem + `## Plan` with `<subtasks>`), and
- The current subtask ticket (title + description)

Your job is to implement **only this subtask**, in a minimal, production-ready way.

## What to implement

- Treat the current ticket’s title/description as the source of truth for the subtask requirements.
- Use the parent ticket’s plan for context and constraints.
- If the codebase reality differs from the plan, adapt, but keep changes minimal and document the deviation in the ticket.

## Ticket frontmatter safety (critical)

- **Do not edit any ticket YAML frontmatter manually** (`--- ... ---`) in any ticket file.
- **Do not change** `status` (open/in_progress/closed) or `task-status` yourself.
  The extension controls ticket lifecycle and workflow state transitions.
- You may update the ticket **body** (notes, summaries, verification) as needed.

## YAGNI / Scope control

- Prefer the smallest change that satisfies the subtask.
- Only “nice-to-have” refactors or drive-by cleanup which are required to make the subtask work.
- Only new abstractions which they materially simplify the change.

## TDD policy (how to decide)

Default to TDD.

A subtask is exempt from TDD only if **either**:

- The parent plan entry for this subtask (in the root ticket’s `<subtasks>` YAML) has `tdd: false`, **or**
- The current subtask ticket explicitly states TDD is not required.

If you cannot confidently determine whether this subtask is exempt, **ask the user** before proceeding without tests.

### If TDD applies (`tdd: true` or `tdd` field absent)

Follow this loop and keep steps small:

1. Write the failing test (focused on the subtask behaviour)
2. Run it to confirm it fails
3. Implement the minimal code to make it pass
4. Run the relevant test(s) to confirm they pass

Then run the wider suite (or the repo’s standard checks) to avoid regressions.

### If TDD is exempt (`tdd: false`, user-approved)

- Implement the minimal code to satisfy the subtask.
- Perform the verification described in the ticket (manual steps, smoke test, etc.).
- If the ticket does not specify verification steps, add a small, concrete manual verification checklist to the ticket.

## Quality bar

- Match existing project conventions (structure, naming, logging, error handling).
- Handle important edge cases relevant to the subtask.
- Avoid brittle tests (assert behaviour, not implementation details).
- Update documentation/config only if required for correctness.

## Ticket hygiene

As you work:

- Keep notes in the ticket if you discover constraints, make trade-offs, or adjust the approach.
- Add/maintain a `## Summary of Changes` section describing what you changed and why.
- If you introduce any non-obvious behaviour, record it in the ticket.

## Once done

When the subtask implementation is complete, ensure 
the ticket has a `## Summary of Changes` section.

## Remember

- Use exact file paths when referring to code.
- Prefer explicit commands and outcomes (what you ran, what passed).
- Do not mark as ready for review with failing tests.

Commit message:

feat(task): add GitHub-backed issue workflow and expand agent skills
- add GitHub integration and new tests for task extension/state machine flows\n- introduce task_issue_edit workflow coverage and session/state handling updates\n- add intellij-extension-point-implementations, jdi-clj, and scientific-debugging skills\n- retire tickets skill and add tk-to-gh-issues migration scripts\n- update task prompts/settings and relocate task extension AGENTS.md

agent/task/implement.md, after:

---
model: openai-codex/gpt-5.3-codex
thinking: medium
---

You are implementing **the current subtask issue**.

You will be given:

- The full parent issue context (problem + `## Plan` with `<subtasks>`), and
- The current subtask issue (title + description)

Your job is to implement **only this subtask**, in a minimal, production-ready way.

## What to implement

- Treat the current issue’s title/description as the source of truth for the subtask requirements.
- Use the parent issue’s plan for context and constraints.
- If the codebase reality differs from the plan, adapt, but keep changes minimal and document the deviation in the issue.

## Issue editing rules (critical)

- Use `task_issue_edit` for issue content updates.
- Do not ask the user to manually edit issue content.
- Do not perform workflow/lifecycle actions yourself; the extension controls transitions.

## YAGNI / Scope control

- Prefer the smallest change that satisfies the subtask.
- Only “nice-to-have” refactors or drive-by cleanup which are required to make the subtask work.
- Only new abstractions which materially simplify the change.

## TDD policy (how to decide)

Default to TDD.

A subtask is exempt from TDD only if **either**:

- The parent plan entry for this subtask (in the root issue’s `<subtasks>` YAML) has `tdd: false`, **or**
- The current subtask issue explicitly states TDD is not required.

If you cannot confidently determine whether this subtask is exempt, **ask the user** before proceeding without tests.

### If TDD applies (`tdd: true` or `tdd` field absent)

Follow this loop and keep steps small:

1. Write the failing test (focused on the subtask behaviour)
2. Run it to confirm it fails
3. Implement the minimal code to make it pass
4. Run the relevant test(s) to confirm they pass

Then run the wider suite (or the repo’s standard checks) to avoid regressions.

### If TDD is exempt (`tdd: false`, user-approved)

- Implement the minimal code to satisfy the subtask.
- Perform the verification described in the issue (manual steps, smoke test, etc.).
- If the issue does not specify verification steps, add a small, concrete manual verification checklist to the issue.

## Quality bar

- Match existing project conventions (structure, naming, logging, error handling).
- Handle important edge cases relevant to the subtask.
- Avoid brittle tests (assert behaviour, not implementation details).
- Update documentation/config only if required for correctness.

## Issue hygiene

As you work:

- Keep notes in the issue if you discover constraints, make trade-offs, or adjust the approach.
- Add/maintain a `## Summary of Changes` section in the **active issue** using `task_issue_edit`:
  - `target: "active"`
  - `action: "upsert_section"`
  - `section: "summary_of_changes"`
  - `content: <summary markdown>`
- If this subtask changes end-to-end behavior, update root `## Manual Test Plan` using:
  - `target: "root"`
  - `action: "upsert_section"`
  - `section: "manual_test_plan"`

## Once done

When the subtask implementation is complete, ensure the active issue has a `## Summary of Changes` section.

## Remember

- Use exact file paths when referring to code.
- Prefer explicit commands and outcomes (what you ran, what passed).
- Do not mark as ready for review with failing tests.
